New resource: azurerm_api_management_identity_provider_aadb2c (#10240)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/api_management_identity_provider_aadb2c.html.markdown

  signin_tenant     = "myb2ctenant.onmicrosoft.com"
  authority         = "myb2ctenant.b2clogin.com"
  signin_policy     = "B2C_1_Login"
  signup_policy     = "B2C_1_Signup"

  depends_on = [azuread_application_password.example]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `api_management_name` - (Required) The Name of the API Management Service where this AAD Identity Provider should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The Name of the Resource Group where the API Management Service exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `client_id` - (Required) Client ID of the Application in your B2C tenant.

* `client_secret` - (Required) Client secret of the Application in your B2C tenant.

* `allowed_tenant` - (Required) The allowed AAD tenant, usually your B2C tenant domain.

* `signin_tenant` - (Required) The tenant to use instead of Common when logging into Active Directory, usually your B2C tenant domain.

* `authority` - (Required) OpenID Connect discovery endpoint hostname, usually your b2clogin.com domain.

* `signin_policy` - (Required) Signup Policy Name.

> * `signup_policy` - (Required) Signin Policy Name.

Reviewer: the descriptions for these two are the wrong way around

---

* `password_reset_policy` - (Optional) Password reset Policy Name.

* `profile_editing_policy` - (Optional) Profile editing Policy Name.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The ID of the API Management Identity Provider Resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the AzureAD B2C Identity Provider.
```

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the API Management Resources.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the API Management Resources.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the API Management Resources.

> * `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the API Management Resources.

Reviewer: (same for all of these)

```suggestion
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the AzureAD B2C Identity Provider.
```

## Import

> API Management Resourcess can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AzureAD B2C Identity Providers can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```
